The Clean Space prides itself on providing an excellent service to all of our clients, however in the event that you are not satisfied with our service you can use our complaints procedure.
For minor issues, In the first instance you should speak directly to your Area Supervisor or use the communications book to detail any issues you may have. Generally complaints and issues can be resolved more quickly and effectively by staff that work directly with you.

Health & Safety Policy
Our senior management are committed to Health & Safety, and ensure that adequate resources are available to implement all necessary safe systems at work.
A key feature of our Health & Safety initiative is to train every level of our staff to carry out tasks in a safe manner, and to promote awareness of H&S issues.
Our cleaning operatives receive Health & Safety and skills training during their induction. They are also trained in specific areas of COSHH (Control of Substances Hazardous to Health).
he Clean Space is committed to minimising its impact on the environment. We are dedicated to continual improvement, identifying areas within our current operations where we can minimise our business’ impact upon the environment. This is facilitated by our use of eco-friendly products, services and processes, and supported by our ISO 14001 accreditation.

Equality & Diversity Policy
Equality and Diversity is central to The Clean Space’s approach to recruitment.
We recognise and value the diversity of our staff. We are committed to developing working practices which allow every member of staff to contribute his or her best, regardless of race, sex, marital status, religion or belief, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender reassignment or any other irrelevant factor.

Safeguarding Policy
We have a Safeguarding Policy in place because we understand the importance of practicing safe recruitment within certain environments.
Our Safeguarding Policy is given to all staff who may have access to children or vulnerable adults during their work, and forms part of the Company’s specific training for their protection.

Lone working policy
The Clean Space will avoid the need for our employees to work alone where reasonably practicable. Where lone working is necessary, we take all reasonable steps to ensure the health and safety of employees working alone.
We will ensure that a risk assessment is conducted and that arrangements are in place prior to employees working alone.

CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY POLICY
Our Corporate Social Responsibility policy ensures The Clean Space always considers how our business affects our environment and community. Our CSR policy helps define the minimum standards which the board expects from staff in their internal and external dealings with colleagues, customers and third parties.
We conduct every aspect of our business with honesty, integrity and openness; respecting human rights and the interest of our employees, customers and third parties.
We respect the legitimate interests of third parties with whom we have dealings in the course of our business.

Quality Management Policy
The Clean Space have a Quality Management Policy, designed to ensure standards are consistently high. This is a key component of our ISO 9001 accreditation.
The policy consists of a Cleaning Specification Audit, regular feedback from our clients, adherence to all regulations including Health and Safety & COSHH, regular site visits, supervision from a dedicated team of Contract and Account Managers, team meetings to discuss our duties and how to improve the service, communication books and a Central Resources team based at our Head Office in Vauxhall, who can assist immediately over the telephone, should our clients need help.